---
layout: post
title: "the beggining of everyday ist nicht gut"
quote: delete這個模板看起來很不錯。
image: /media/2014-02-26-hello-cosette/cover.jpg
video: false
---


## hubot ist mein target for now
the main purpose is to help me in data mining and daily routine.


---

`Mon Mar  7 15:41:44 CST 2016`

## wifi problem

why `rosoving host...` is showing sometimes?

---

## github problem

`Mon Mar  7 16:35:06 CST 2016`

cloning from github encountered a problem:

    Permission denied (publickey).
    fatal: Could not read from remote repository.

    Please make sure you have the correct access rights
    and the repository exists.

ich should re-generate `id_rsa` and add it to github.

### processes
SSH keys are a way to identify trusted computers, without involving passwords.

    ls -al ~/.ssh #Check for existing SSH keys


    ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "huwung@gmail.com" -f "id_rsa_huwung" #The passphrase ist e2-like
    eval "$(ssh-agent -s)" #Start the ssh-agent in the background
    ssh-add ~/.ssh/id_rsa_huwung #Add mein SSH key to the ssh-agent
    pbcopy < ~/.ssh/id_rsa_huwung.pub #Copy the content in id_rsa_huwung.pub
    #Adding mein neu SSH key to GitHub account
    ssh -T git@github.com
    #It replyed:"Hi huwung! You've successfully authenticated, but GitHub does not provide shell access."

- [Adding mein neu SSH key to GitHub account](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account/)


However, in mein case, multi-account operation is needed.
so, more config is performed.

in `~/.ssh/config`, add content as below:

    # github user huwung
    Host huwung.github.com
     HostName github.com
     User git
     IdentityFile ~/.ssh/id_rsa_huwung

However, `...Permission denied (publickey)...` occured again.
THen, ich repeated:

    eval "$(ssh-agent -s)"
    ssh-add ~/.ssh/id_rsa_huwung

After that, it worked.

nächste, ich wird create other keys, including:

- `id_rsa_molnplus`
- `id_rsa_dasprojektz`
- `id_rsa__zhixuebao`

---

Ich sollte Projekte klassifizieren.
*(I should classify my projects.)*
